W-22034718 run super agent on af-*  files (#616)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-build-agent-networks-in-a-ci-cd-environment.adoc

= Build Agent Networks in a CI/CD Environment

Use the Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric plugin in CI/CD pipelines to configure agent network gateways, create and build projects, and publish and deploy networks from the command line, matching the lifecycle you can drive from Anypoint Code Builder. Automating these steps keeps environments aligned, lets you embed approvals, secrets, and quality gates in the pipeline, and avoids one-off scripts when you promote from development to staging and production.

> For installation, package updates, and release details, see link:https://www.npmjs.com/package/mulesoft-anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin[mulesoft-anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin on npm].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation, package updates, and release details, see https://www.npmjs.com/package/mulesoft-anypoint-cli-agent-fabric-plugin[Anypoint CLI Agent Fabric Plugin on npm].
```

== Before You Begin

> Make sure you meet the prerequisites for this task. For prerequisites, see xref:af-get-started.adoc#before-you-begin[].

Reviewer: It seems repetitive to have two sentences. Can we make it like:
Make sure you meet the xref:af-get-started.adoc#before-you-begin[prerequisites] for this task.

Optional.

To deploy an agent network, you need a private space on CloudHub 2.0 or a deployment target on Anypoint Runtime Fabric. See xref:af-get-started.adoc#setup-space[Set Up the Private Space or Deployment Target for Your Environment].

> After you create a target space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment if you have not already done so. See xref:af-get-started.adoc#setup-gateways[Set Up Agent Network Gateways for the Private Space or Deployment Target].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you create a target space, set up the ingress and egress gateways for deployment if you haven't already done so. See xref:af-get-started.adoc#setup-gateways[Set Up Agent Network Gateways for the Private Space or Deployment Target].
```
